README.md, before:

realtimebus
===========

Real Time Bus Notification System

realtimebus is the code base of http://bus.meran.eu a web interface written in PHP, which displays the real time positions of the public transport vehicles managed by SASA in South Tyrol.

Architecture
============

SASA has provided its data as Open Data. Documentation can be found on the http://sasabus.org/opendata web site.

The realtimebus component connects to a http://FreeGIS.net installation installed on the SASA server infrastructure, which exposes real time data by SASA over web services.

Project Team
============

- Sandy Kirchlechner, Kurverwaltung Meran http://www.meran.eu
- Patrick Ohnewein, TIS innovation park http://www.tis.bz.it/open
- Peter Hopfgartner, R3 GIS http://www.r3-gis.com
- Andrea Cima, Made in Cima http://www.madeincima.it
- Markus Windegger, SASA http://www.sasabz.it

How can I install it on my local box?
=====================================

We are working on getting this code base self contained and easy to be installed by developers all around the world. Stay tuned!

Commit message:

some improvements to the README and referred to the /client/README

README.md, after:

realtimebus
===========

Real Time Bus Notification System

realtimebus is the code base of http://bus.meran.eu a web interface written in PHP, which displays the real time positions of the public transport vehicles managed by SASA in South Tyrol.

Architecture
============

SASA has provided its data as Open Data. Documentation can be found on the http://sasabus.org/opendata web site.

The realtimebus component connects to a http://FreeGIS.net installation installed on the SASA server infrastructure, which exposes real time data by SASA over web services.

Project Team
============

- Sandy Kirchlechner, Kurverwaltung Meran http://www.meran.eu
- Patrick Ohnewein, TIS innovation park http://www.tis.bz.it/open
- Peter Hopfgartner, R3 GIS http://www.r3-gis.com
- Andrea Cima, Made in Cima http://www.madeincima.it
- Markus Windegger, SASA http://www.sasabz.it

How can I install it on my local box?
=====================================

To get the client side working, follow the dedicated README in the /client folder.
